#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
--index-url https://pypi.python.org/simple

cycler==0.10.0
    # via matplotlib
decorator==4.4.2
    # via networkx
docutils==0.16
    # via -r requirements.in
h5py==2.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
imageio==2.9.0
    # via scikit-image
imgaug==0.2.6
    # via -r requirements.in
joblib==1.0.1
    # via scikit-learn
kiwisolver==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
matplotlib==3.3.4
    # via scikit-image
networkx==2.5
    # via scikit-image
nmslib==2.1.1F
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.19.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h5py
    #   imageio
    #   imgaug
    #   matplotlib
    #   nmslib
    #   pandas
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   tifffile
    #   torch
    #   torchvision
pandas==1.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==8.1.0
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
    #   torchvision
psutil==5.8.0
    # via nmslib
pybind11==2.6.1
    # via nmslib
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytorch-metric-learning==0.9.96
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2021.1
    # via pandas
pywavelets==1.1.1
    # via scikit-image
scikit-image==0.18.1
    # via imgaug
scikit-learn==0.24.1
    # via pytorch-metric-learning
scipy==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imgaug
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   h5py
    #   imgaug
    #   python-dateutil
threadpoolctl==2.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2021.3.5
    # via scikit-image
torch==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
tqdm==4.57.0
    # via pytorch-metric-learning
typing-extensions==3.7.4.3
    # via torch
